oh it's so pretty look at that turn
signal working all right there goes
in a mist we take care of everything
even our new then let's come see you
have to turn the light on for me to see
you turn the light on for him to see it
both sides both sides other side other
side to watch out be careful watch
yourself
go we pay them we pay $200 for tire
popped
how many more tires evening will pump so
whatever we replace tires
do we can make it longer tires yeah dude
I'm tired one mile Pablo has watched
and so is Nick and Pablo is back in
Nick's on Harry Drive I'm gonna go yeah
it's not like something yeah it's not
it's just the tires and SpotPass
I think I mean duh
juda looks fine how do you feel about
this fuck
what did the contract number say they're
gonna send someone right over
tablo's asking people to buy our demo to
help pay for the spare tire
I thought that's a good stuff man how
many do we sell so far so
regardez go to buy a borders gift card
hmm
I'm doing it yeah backwards I don't know
about you but that thing looks really
tired I thought your name is mock my
Jack taking forever
how excited are you we're still here and
we're still outside are you look at
these bad boys heavy-duty
we're about see Mount Neverest
for you guys excited for Mount Everest
there's reverence
resting
my father right you know which the his
apologies
you know that I can use somebody
someone like you
yeah and it's top three one two three
I just have never lived across
party boss stage Hammes we're here yeah
that's all we have to say poop again
every time
- stop - Cabela's it's like six o'clock
now we left it at eleven had some fun on
the way or should be home in a few hours
we're orderly West Virginia and West
Virginia very entertaining please